Add a second rationale for importing modules, not symbols. (#70)
Khan/style-guides: style/python.md

> Rationale: This is the single best -- and easiest -- way to avoid the circular-import problem. To simplify, when you say `import x`, Python executes the `x.py` file, but doesn't need to get any attributes from it.  When you say `from x import foo`, Python needs `x.py` to be executed enough that `foo` is defined in it.  When `x` does a 'from-import' from `y`, and `y` does a 'from-import' from `x`, the circular import can succeed if a partial module is enough (as it will be with `import x`), but it can fail if the circularity happens before the needed attribute is defined (as it might be with `from x import foo`).

> > Second rationale: Mocking of symbols doesn't work when importing the symbols. The end result is often a mix of importing module and symbols, but it isn't clear when the import style matters (for mocking) and when it is jsut for convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Second rationale: Mocking of symbols doesn't work when importing the symbols. The end result is often a mix of importing modules and symbols, but it isn't clear when the import style matters (for mocking) and when it is just for convenience.
```
